"I leave to the various futures (not to all) my garden of forking
paths". Quoth the eponymous short story by Jorge Luis Borges, an
argentinian writer. For are we not, software engineers, but adventurous
explorers that, when doing our craft, traverse in breadth and depth the
very borders of the unbeknownst? Are not our test approaches, our
striving for expressiveness, our abstractions, our endeavors for
documentation and communication but ways in which we can harness the
very power of the unknown, the abstract, the ethereal, and build
universes, worlds of controlled complexity, not quite unlike a zen
garden, which, when well done, looks like a beautiful occurrence of
nature that just is _thus_? 

I have been a formal educator and I have thrived in startups for the
last
three years. I have learned and pondered about all of the above and I
have incessantly strived to wake up every day being better by educating
myself and others,
and experimenting with new technologies (Oh, the musings with
lisp, the toying with erlang, the epiphany of turing machines and
automata theory, the liberation that python and ruby provided from the
fetters of artificial restrictions
, the gallivanting with javascript), and I have come to the realization
that there are
riches I can only find working with other like-minded individuals,
other craftsmen, other explorers of the garden of forking paths;
artisans that could share their trade and with whom I could learn and
create. I
apply for a job as a part of your team for that very reason: I'm now
ready and
eager to embark with my brethren in even more riveting journeys.
